>> Nina Zakharenko: We talked about
four different data types yesterday.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Four
different container,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Data types.
We talked about lists, tuples,
sets, dictionaries, right?
Do you think that these other
container types have comprehensions?
They do, yeah.
So if I wanted to do a set comprehension,
I would use,
I remember that set is kind
of those curly braces, right?
This is a dictionary.
We remember that, but
as long as there are items in it,
then it's a set.
So we're gonna use this
curly brace syntax.
Let's say we want to do
a set of our squares.
I would do the same thing that
I did in my list comprehension.
Let's say for num in range,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's
give it a bigger range now,
for num in range(11).
That's my loop and
then my action is just num * num.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Remember,
sets are unordered, so
you won't see the results in order
like you would in the list, right?
And to quickly check that,
I can change the start on the end,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Right,
and confirm my assumptions.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What's the difference
in syntax between a set and a dictionary?
Consider a set to be a collection of keys,
just keys.
What's different about a dictionary?
>> Speaker 2: It's values
attached those keys.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes, key value pairs.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What's different
between our syntax for a set and
our syntax for a dictionary?
>> Speaker 2: Commas.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Colons.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's not
commas cuz you differentiate
the items in your set by commas.
But it-
>> Speaker 2: Colons.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It is colons, yeah.
So what if I wanted to make
a dictionary where the key was
the original number and
the value was the square?
So my key is the original number.
The value is the square.
So we know I have to put in a colon.
Where does the key go?
>> Speaker 2: Before the value.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Right,
before the value.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Now I've
turned my set comprehension into
a dictionary comprehension.
Just like I showed you f strings before,
you can use f strings
in your comprehensions.
So let's say I had my
list of names right here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I can do a list or
a set comprehension,
I can do a dictionary comprehension.
But just for simplicity, I'm gonna do
a list comprehension and I'm gonna say for
name in names.
And as my expression,
I can put an f string.
And say the name is .
Let's say I had a list of names with dups
in it, I'm gonna call it dups_names.
And there's gonna be Nina in here,
and Max, and Nina again.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I know that
I can call set on dups_names and
it will take out the duplicates.
I can also call set on,
>> Nina Zakharenko: A list comprehension.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's say that
I wanted to get the length of
each name in this list.
So I would say, for name in dups_names,
>> Nina Zakharenko: And I would print out.
Sorry, the value would be
the length of the name.
And so my set just has 3 and
4 in it because the name Nina
has the same length twice.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Something to